example.md, before:

# The Homebrewery
Welcome traveler from an antique land. Please sit and tell us of what you have seen. The unheard of monsters, who slither and bite. Tell us of the wondrous items and and artifacts you have found, their mysteries yet to be unlocked. Of the vexing vocations and surprising skills you have seen. Please sit and tell us of what you have seen. The unheard of monsters, who slither and bite. Tell us of the wondrous items and and artifacts you have found, their mysteries yet to be unlocked. Of the vexing vocations and surprising skills you have seen.

### Homebrew D&D made easy
The Homebrewery makes the creation and sharing of authentic looking D&D homebrews easy. It uses [Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) and a little CSS magic to make your brews come to life.

**Try it! **Simply edit the text on the left and watch it *update live* on the right.

```note
##### PDF Exporting
PDF Printing works best in Chrome. If you are having quality/consistency issues, try using Chrome to print instead.

After clicking the "Print" item in the navbar a new page will open and a print dialog will pop-up.
* Set the **Destination** to "Save as PDF"
* Set **Paper Size** to "Letter"
* If you are printing on A4 paper, make sure to have the "A4 page size snippet" in your brew
* In **Options** make sure "Background Images" is selected.
* Hit print and enjoy! You're done!

If you want to save ink or have a monochrome printer, add the **Ink Friendly** snippet to your brew before you print.
```

### Bugs, Issues, Suggestions?
Have an idea of how to make The Homebrewery better? Or did you find something that wasn't quite right? Head [here](https://github.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/issues/new) and let me know!.

### Legal Junk
The Homebrewery is licensed using the [MIT License](https://github.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/blob/master/license). Which means you are free to use The Homebrewery is any way that you want, except for claiming that you made it yourself.

If you wish to sell or in some way gain profit for what's created on this site, it's your responsibility to ensure you have the proper licenses/rights for any images or resources used.

### More Resources
If you are looking for more 5e Homebrew resources check out [r/UnearthedArcana](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnearthedArcana/) and their list of useful resources [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnearthedArcana/comments/3uwxx9/resources_open_to_the_community/).

<div class='page-number'>1</div>
<div class='footnote'>PART 1 | FANCINESS</div>

\page

# Appendix

### ~~Not quite~~ Markdown
Although the Homebrewery uses Markdown, to get all the styling features from the PHB, we had to get a little creative. Some base HTML elements are not used as expected and I've had to include a few new keywords.
___
* **Horizontal Rules** are generally used to *modify* existing elements into a different style. For example, a horizontal rule before a blockquote will give it the style of a Monster Stat Block instead of a note.
* **New Pages** are controlled by the author. It's impossible for the site to detect when the end of a page is reached, so indicate you'd like to start a new page, use the new page snippet to get the syntax.
* **Code Blocks** are used only to indicate column breaks. Since they don't allow for styling within them, they weren't that useful to use.
* **HTML** can be used to get *just* the right look for your homebrew. I've included some examples in the snippet icons above the editor.

### Images
Images must be hosted online somewhere, like imgur. You use the address to that image to reference it in your brew. Images can be included 'inline' with the text using Markdown-style images. However for background images more control is needed.

Background images should be included as HTML-style img tags. Using inline CSS you can precisely position your image where you'd like it to be. I have added both a inflow image snippet and a background image snippet to give you exmaples of how to do it.

### Crediting Me
If you'd like to credit The Homebrewery in your brew, I'd be flattered! Just reference that you made it with The Homebrewery.

<div class='page-number'>2</div>
<div class='footnote'>PART 2 | BORING STUFF</div>

Commit message:

Various updates to styles + example doc.

example.md, after:

# The Homebrewery
Welcome, traveler. Sit and tell us of what you have seen -- the unheard of monsters, who slither and bite. Tell us of the wondrous items and and artifacts you have found, their mysteries yet to be unlocked. Of the various vocations and surprising skills you have encountered!

## Homebrew D&D made easy
`The Homebrewery` makes the creation and sharing of authentic-looking D&D homebrews easy. It uses [Markdown](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) and a little CSS magic to make your brews come to life.

**Try it! **Simply edit the text on the left and watch it *update live* on the right.

```note
##### PDF Exporting
PDF Printing works best in Chrome. If you are having quality/consistency issues, try using Chrome to print instead.

After clicking the "Print" item in the navbar a new page will open and a print dialog will pop-up.
* Set the **Destination** to "Save as PDF"
* Set **Paper Size** to "Letter"
* If you are printing on A4 paper, make sure to have the "A4 page size snippet" in your brew
* In **Options** make sure "Background Images" is selected.
* Hit print and enjoy! You're done!

If you want to save ink or have a monochrome printer, add the **Ink Friendly** snippet to your brew before you print.
```

## Bugs, Issues, Suggestions?
Have an idea of how to make `The Homebrewery` better? Or did you find something that wasn't quite right? Head [here](https://github.com/noahlange/homebrewery-electron/issues/new) and let me know!.

## Legal Junk
`The Homebrewery` is licensed using the MIT License, which means you are free to use `The Homebrewery` is any way that you want, except for claiming that you made it yourself.

If you wish to sell or in some way gain profit for what's created on this site, it's your responsibility to ensure you have the proper licenses/rights for any images or resources used.

### More Resources
If you are looking for more 5e Homebrew resources check out [r/UnearthedArcana](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnearthedArcana/) and their list of useful resources [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/UnearthedArcana/comments/3uwxx9/resources_open_to_the_community/).

## Appendix

### It's Just Markdown!
Although `The Homebrewery` uses Markdown, to get all the styling features from the PHB, we had to get a little creative. Some base HTML elements are not used as expected.
___
- **Page breaks** are controlled by the author. It's impossible for the app to detect when the end of a page is reached. So to indicate you'd like to start a new page, use the new page snippet - a backslash followed by the word *page*.
- **Column breaks** are also optionally controlled by the author. Use a backslash followed by the word *col* to break to the next column.
- **Code Blocks** are used to indicate block elements. Indicate sidebars, notes and other block elements
- **HTML** can be used to get *just* the right look for your homebrew. I've included some examples in the snippet icons above the editor.
- **Small Caps** - backticks -- \` \` -- are used to render `small caps`.

### Images
Currently, images must be hosted online somewhere, like imgur. Use the address to that image to reference it in your brew. Images can be included 'inline' with the text using Markdown-style images. However for background images more control is needed.

Background images should be included as HTML-style img tags. Using inline CSS you can precisely position your image where you'd like it to be. I have added both a inflow image snippet and a background image snippet to give you exmaples of how to do it.

### Crediting Me
If you'd like to credit `The Homebrewery` in your brew, I'd be flattered! Just reference that you made it with `The Homebrewery`.

<div class='page-number'>1</div>
<div class='footnote'>PART 1 | FANCINESS</div>
