README.md, before:

# Homebrewery Electron
The Homebrewery app, on your desktop.

## Build + Running
First you'll need to download the standalone CSS file to your application
directory. If you have cURL or wget, use those. Otherwise, open the URLs in
your browser and just download those puppies.

```
git clone https://github.com/noahlange/homebrewery-electron.git
cd homebrewery-electron
yarn
curl https://github.com/Silverwolf90/inconsolata-js-ligatures/blob/master/Inconsolata.otf?raw=true > Inconsolata.otf
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stolksdorf/homebrewery/master/phb.standalone.css > phb.standalone.css
yarn build
yarn start
```

## Outstanding Issues
- clean up UI
- smart page rendering (for larger documents)
- text snippets
- libre fonts?

## Configuring
- specify your preferred codemirror theme in index.html
- specify your preferred editor font in styles.css

## Caveats
- it's currently designed for Mac, so if it looks like crap, you're welcome to
  fix it and open a PR. I probably won't spend oodles of time making it look
  nice on Windows + Linux.
- wouldn't recommend distributing exported PDFs without replacing fonts + assets

Commit message:

Adds assets, code block-based styling.

README.md, after:

# Homebrewery Electron
[stolksdorf's](https://github.com/stolksdorf) Homebrewery app, on your desktop,
with some twists.

```
git clone https://github.com/noahlange/homebrewery-electron.git
cd homebrewery-electron
yarn
yarn build
yarn start
```

## Outstanding Issues
- clean up UI
- smart page rendering (for larger documents)
- text snippets

## Configuring
- specify preferred codemirror theme in index.html
- specify preferred editor font in styles.css

## Caveats
- it's currently designed for Mac, so if it looks like crap, you're welcome to
  fix it and open a PR. I probably won't spend oodles of time making it look
  nice on Windows + Linux.

## Syntax
Syntax is slightly different. Instead of being determined with a combinations of
blockquotes, line rules and other things, everything that isn't plain text or a
simple table is enclosed in triple backticks - like a code block.

However, instead of a language, each block is given a name that corresponds to
some particular kind of styling.

| Block       | Name              | CSS class                       |
|:-----------:|:-----------------:|:-------------------------------:|
| Spell list  | spells            | .block-spells                   |
| Descriptive | descriptive       | .block-descriptive              |
| Stat Block  | stats, stats-wide | .block-stats, .block-stats-wide |
| Class Table | class, class-wide | .block-class, .block-class-wide |
| Table       | table, table-wide | .block-table, .block-table-wide |
| TOC         | toc               | .block-toc                      |
